Thank you Mr. Chu
Thanks Mr. Pham.
Thank you lord
No problem, helping you is helping ourselves.
What do we do now?
We have to get out first.
Jia Dong forced to clean out the warehouse
Destroy To Truong Tung's plan
Dive into the devil
But I guess this evil cult is also a trap of Su Song Zong.
At the same time, we must also find the fourth level of the Truong Sinh Tuyet Dia cultivation method.
I have the fourth level of the immortality technique of the young master Pham.
Someone is coming.
Master, I'm late, I'm making friends with you, why are you here too?
Captured by Dong Phuong Thanh Cang.
why are you here
It was while my master was checking the Dongfang station that I noticed something was wrong.
Always looking for clues from the master.
Fortunately, there is an oriental boy doing internal business.
I just found a clue from the master.
And also control the Eastern station.
Then don't hold back.
Let's go.
Official.
Let's quickly take the fake Dong Phuong car for a ride.
Unexpected.
Made a friend and then left.
HAS.
Guys.
Didn't you want us to come with you?
Tell me what kind of company you want.
No need.
Who is Pham Quang of the Devil Sect?
Is your supporter To Truong Tung?
You go to the devil's sect then you know everything.
Why did he die?
He was restrained.
It is a practice similar to the empty door.
But more advanced than the blank door.
Must be the one behind this.
Looks like this Demonic Cult has no choice but to leave.